all right folks welcome back
it feels just like yesterday last time
we'd smoke
all right so here we have one of those
instances where as luck would have it
the hands of fate the planets aligned
all those factors came in on something i
gave you an analysis
last night
now
before you
start snickering and rolling your eyes
and sending your husband up to slap me
on stage
just understand that this is just
one
piece
one little piece
of price action
in the delivery that the algorithm will
likely not every single instance but it
will likely repeat
okay it's the logic that i've shared on
this youtube channel
and
i've been asked obviously if you read
the comments in the videos
can i show an example of this
working in london session for forex
no problem
to do that i set the stage with the
analysis last night there are folks out
there that will say i don't know how to
pick the tops and the bottoms or the
highs and the lows of the day they don't
know
what i'm teaching so it's easy for them
to say those types of things and a new
student
may
stumble upon their comment may stumble
upon their youtube channel and whatever
their medium is
they follow that logic without
investigating it or looking into whether
or not these things that i claim are
true
so
without a safety net last night i
outlined it for you i explained what it
should do why it should take place
and therefore
we watch
and do i see
in my chart like you should see in yours
what i outlined
not exactly to the level i was outlining
but the general premise was there what i
mean by that
well we were in this area here
and i mentioned that i felt that it was
going to go below the 100 level
and if i were making the market in other
words if i was the market maker
providing the
parameters at which the dollar index
will go down to set up a buying
opportunity
i would take it down to the 99 uh
99.92 level
okay
and you can check me on that with the
video i uploaded and i can't edit a
video on youtube once it's there it's
there
okay so i know some of you are actually
downloading them let's that's fine but
go to episode 19 which is the one i just
did last night
and listen to the 20 minute mark around
10 second
in that vicinity and let it play for a
minute or so and you'll hear me outline
the very thing that you're seeing in
your chart right now
so
the question is going to be how do i
know
to call that level in
why did i know that it was likely to set
up a london setup
well i'm going to teach that to you
tonight
so
understand this is not the model for my
daughter this is not
an addition to the model i'm just simply
answering questions because i got a lot
of them
and
i'm not trying to push this inside of
the model for
this youtube mentorship because the next
step is going to be can you go into
london and do live sessions so we can
copy what you're doing i'm not going to
do that okay now some of you are going
to be upset say oh well see you're not
proving anything well if you're not
seeing this as proof
move along okay just move along i'm only
going to do what i'm willing to do okay
and i'm having fun showing what i'm
showing and it's really enough
only those individuals that want to be
spoon fed set ups and trades and
piggyback my ideas they're the only ones
that really push and twist my arm and
they're going to be frustrated so i'm
just letting you know
that's not going to happen so don't ask
i don't care how many times you
present it nicely
in a comment or request it's simply not
going to happen
it's important for you to go in and find
these setups on your own using what i'm
teaching
so i mentioned that we would drop below
that 100 level
why did i pick the 99.92 level
okay well
if you look at the price action
right over here
okay we had this run up
at the beginning of that candle right
there
just draw that out in time
i gave you about
99.95 99.92
level
okay a small little range of about three
pips
that's what i was eyeballing last night
now i was talking to you obviously
before midnight
now there's things that i teach and have
in my repertoire that helps me fine-tune
the low of the day you know i'm not
going to teach that here and then
because i have a community obviously i'm
obligated to i'm not obligated here okay
so i don't want to be thinking you can
guilt me into doing more than i'm
already willing to do
but just know that there's things that i
didn't
basically use at my repertoire at
midnight that will help me fine tune the
actual low within about
two to three pips
sometimes right on the very low but it's
not needed okay
the idea that i just gave on the fly
last night when i was doing the
commentary was really simply just rooted
on the idea of this extension
and ending it right on that candle's
high and just eyeballing it so
that's what i was looking at
i expected it to drop down
i'm not
convinced that we're going to see this
top yet
so i felt that it dropped down here
and also
being a setup going into london that's
what i would expect and i'm going to
teach you how to use that information if
that's what you want to investigate and
study on your own
but notice that we ran up above these
relative vehicle highs and
that's what we ran for the intraday
price action target so the height of the
day that was set initially around the
midnight time frame it dropped down
creating the entire run lower
creating the london low real close to
where i was outlining it not exactly
obviously but it's good enough for
government work and the market starts to
rally and it takes out the initial high
of the day
but more specifically it aims for these
really clean levels you have this high
here here and here remember i was
teaching
just like this level here the market
does not like to leave that
that is not efficient
now it's efficient for technical
analysis
retail 101 where they'll see that as
resistance it looks perfect that's what
they want because the books teach that
the books are meant
to trip you up
it's flawed logic folks i mean i hate to
say this type of thing to
certain individuals because they they
take aim at me like i'm trying to
belittle everyone else it's not that i'm
trying to belittle anyone else i'm
trying to
shake you by the lapels and simply say
look
listen to what i'm saying don't believe
what i'm saying investigate the things
i'm stating in the video so that way you
can come to your own conclusion either
i'm
making things up
or there's really logic behind it and
you can dismiss 99.9 of the things out
there that everyone looks and relies on
having your charts as far as analysis
concepts or indicators you don't need
all that stuff
so if i'm suggesting as i mentioned last
night in the
video that we would drop down here and
then start to go higher
that sets the stage for what
if this is going to be a point at which
it reacts and goes higher
as i was outlining around this time
period in the video
that means the opposite should be seen
for euro
but before we get into that let's fine
tune this a little bit more on the 15
minute time frame you can see we drop
down creating the low of the day in
london open that's our kill zone that i
teach here on the youtube channel it's
two o'clock in the morning to five
o'clock in the morning
new york local time
so if you are
using the
time window thing over here
set it to
local new york
two o'clock at five o'clock in the
morning that's the kill zone for london
open market comes down creates the low
of the day
runs back up back into an order block
here
i'll let you look at the lower timing
frames and you'll see
that is in fact an order block
and optimal trade entry and the market
starts to create its run up into the
relative equal highs
sweeping that
as a daily objective
now if this is the low of the day and if
it's
what i've outlined in advance and you
see that last night beforehand
this is what i expected to see price
drop down in and then start to go higher
at the same time euro runs all the way
back up to the previous week's high
how is this likely to be a false
breakout
we have to use inter-market
relationships like i'm showing you with
dollar index so if you're trading 4x
it's important to relate your analysis
in the trading
market okay for instance if you're
looking at euro that's your trading
market
you have to have a barometer something
to measure its
movement with
and that's market relationships so
having that with the dollar
dollar coming down to a level outline
last night that it would be a bullish
area it'd be a sensitive price point to
see in advance higher
because it's relationship with euro it's
inverted so if dollar is going
down to that level
that level being 99.92
then it's not a
surprise to see euro rally higher as
it's doing that
but what is the euro reaching for
this high and it went so far as to go up
above
the previous week's high so they really
reached up in there took out the
previous week's high
and at that same instance right there
that's when dollar hit the objective i
told you last night
that would be a buying opportunity for a
dollar
if it's a buying opportunity for a
dollar then it's a shorting opportunity
at that very moment
look at your own charts and study
the moment it hits
this level here it's the same moment
that the dollar index is hitting
that area i was outlining last night for
a buying opportunity for a dollar
so this is a false breakout because my
analysis was done and shared with you
openly that that would be a buying
opportunity for a dollar
setting the stage for what as i outlined
i'm bearish foreign currency
could i have bought that sure
because i'm expecting the dollar index
to drop down to that 99.92 did i no
i went to sleep
i was tired so
i'm not concerned about that i didn't
take the short either i don't care i
don't want to be in every single move
and i'm not trying to trade forex right
now
but
to prove to you folks that are sitting
out there asking to see if it can be
done in london does the concepts work
can i call a move can i give an idea can
i do these things before it happens yes
but simply because i can doesn't
obligate me to okay i'm not here trying
to perform magic tricks for you okay i'm
not i'm not trying to do that i'm trying
to teach you to trust your own analysis
and lean on your own experience even in
the early stages when there isn't that
much of it
it's okay you learn to grow
gradually
all right so the 15 minute time frame
you can see that the euro went up into
its kill zone here two o'clock in the
morning five o'clock morning new york
local time
so
it creates the high of the day so in
this price run we're to start stripping
it down i'm going to make it very easy
and not make this video very long but
i'm going to jump right to
a
very small time frame chart
2 minute
has the very clean
fair value gap so after it ran above
that old weekly high
the market trades lower and takes out
that short term low now some of you
might see this short term low and say
well why didn't you use that low
instead of this one here
well the reason why is the fair value
gap forms right here on this candle once
that candle closes the very next candle
it opens essentially right at that low
so it hasn't really moved away and
hasn't really shown me what displacement
something energetic where it moves away
from that fair value gap that's the
important factor
so we have the parabolic gap here
and then it moves lower than that short
term low now we have a shift in market
structure the market could have came
back up into this run here and offered
an entry there but it didn't notice that
it went a little bit lower that's fine
and then rallies up to that level here
this is the entry point
now
think about where your stop loss would
be and think about where your entry
would be based on what i taught you
using new york session
this is an opportunity to pause the
video and think about the frustrated
annotations
you're smirking aren't you thinking i'm
not positive so you just might as well
get on with it ict
okay so here we have a zoomed in
two minute chart
and here is the fair value gap level
that you would be putting your limit
order in
so it gets filled essentially right
there
remember it's not going to be placed in
the marketplace
for a shorting opportunity or entry on
limit
anytime in here because it has to move
away from the fear of a gap
so it doesn't on this candle here so we
have that
run through
this short term low we have displacement
it was energetic move lower away from
the fair value gap
it doesn't get to it here it goes a
little bit deeper we wait we don't chase
it we don't go in here thinking oh well
i missed the move
we still have time see all this over
here the kill zone for london open is
still open
so we allow for that retracement higher
your fill
here
maybe one pipette maybe a half a pip or
maybe a full pip above this candle's
high
that would be your entry but we're just
going to use the actual candle high
that would be your limit order entry
hypothetically 1.0924 and four pipettes
that's your entry
your stop also be above the high here
that comes in at 1.0936 and a half
and the heat or the drawdown that you
absorb hypothetically if you would use
that entry point
is 1.09301
so basically
not even five pips
okay so
well about five pips around about five
pips of
drawdown so essentially 25 we'll call it
the 30 so call five pips there it is
done
so five pips to draw down
and never came to your spot
with this gearing
okay
if you use sound money management
how much can you risk if you're risking
you know a thousand dollars per trade
okay you're thinking about money-wise
don't do that you think about it in
terms of fixed
percentage risk own equity so that means
you're simply going to look at how much
money you have in the account
take that times that by one percent
okay one percent is the maximum
preferably you should be doing a half a
one percent or maybe a quarter of one
percent
you're learning you're not trying to do
a lot in the beginning you're trying to
just simply trust the idea of seeing
these moves
none of you should be going into demo
none of you would have done this
obviously because we're talking about in
hindsight but i'm showing you the
relationships of how when the market
went to this level here and cleared the
buy stops on the previous high on euro
that's the very moment
that the dollar index went down to the
level outline it would be bullish so the
teeter-totter effect or the inverse
relationships that if the dollar is
going to go higher that means that it's
going to have weight
introduced to euro and it should start
to go lower
so your entry here and your drawdown and
your stop
all those being what they are here
if we go out a little bit further and
i'm just using a five minute chart so i
can put everything in
the fractal in other words the fractals
just move up and then down
that way you can see it all and have the
candles still be clean and have
everything on one chart so that's the
only reason why i'm showing the five
minute chart it's not that i'm doing
anything special with it okay it's just
to show you the overall dynamic of this
price run up
the rejection
the optimal trade entry that would be
used with the fair value got used on the
two minute time frame
all the levels and things here being as
they were on the two-minute chart
and if you did a fibonacci
run from the the low here by this one
because it was the most energetic
starting this price right here
that would be your parent price leg 50
is around in here so that would be a
nice objective initially that would be
your first target if you're going to
hold for the full day it could go down
to this area here and lo and behold
we have that imbalance it trades right
into that rather handsomely
so
there's your example using it i gave you
the framework beforehand i told you what
to expect in the dollar index and
everybody should know that the euro is
going to be the opposite direction of
whatever the dollar is going to do
so hopefully this has been insightful to
you and you got something out of it
until i'll talk to you next time next
week next tuesday actually
lord willing
enjoy weekend and be safe